docs: base64 encode/decode options (#3323)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/rule-sql-builtin-functions.md

### base64_decode(Data: string) -> bytes | string

Decode `Data` from base64 format. Example:

```bash
base64_decode('aGVsbG8=') = 'hello'
bin2hexstr(base64_decode('y0jN')) = 'CB48CD'
```

### base64_decode(Data: string, Option1: string, ...) -> bytes | string

::: tip

This function with optional parameters has been introduced since EMQX 6.0.2.

:::

Decode `Data` from base64 format with optional parameters to control decoding behavior.

**Options:**

> - **`no_padding`**: Decode without expecting padding characters (`=`). Useful when decoding strings that don't have padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`no_padding`**: Decode without expecting padding characters (`=`). This is useful when working with Base64 strings that omit padding.
```

> - **`urlsafe`**: Use URL-safe base64 decoding. Replaces `-` with `+` and `_` with `/` before decoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`urlsafe`**: Decode input using the URL-safe Base64 variant (expecting `-` and `_` instead of `+` and `/`).
```

> You can use these options individually or combine them. When combining options, the order doesn't matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these options individually or combine them. When combining options, their order does not affect the result.
```

**Examples:**

```sql
-- Decode URL-safe base64
SELECT base64_decode(payload, 'urlsafe') as decoded FROM "t/#"

-- Decode unpadded URL-safe base64
SELECT base64_decode(payload, 'urlsafe', 'no_padding') as decoded FROM "t/#"
```

### base64_encode(Data: binary | string) -> string

Encode `Data` to base64 format. Example:

```bash
base64_encode('hello') = 'aGVsbG8='
base64_encode(hexstr2bin('CB48CD')) = 'y0jN'
```

### base64_encode(Data: binary | string, Option1: string, ...) -> string

::: tip

This function with optional parameters has been introduced since EMQX 6.0.2.

:::

Encode `Data` to base64 format with optional parameters to control encoding behavior.

**Options:**

> - **`no_padding`**: Encode without padding characters (`=`). Useful when you need to remove padding from encoded strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`no_padding`**: Encode without padding characters (`=`). This is useful when you need to remove padding from encoded strings.
```

> - **`urlsafe`**: Use URL-safe base64 encoding. Replaces `+` with `-` and `/` with `_`, making the encoded string safe to use in URLs without encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`urlsafe`**: Use the URL-safe Base64 variant, which encodes data using `-` and `_` instead of `+` and `/`, so the result can be embedded in URLs without further escaping.
```

> You can use these options individually or combine them. When combining options, the order doesn't matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these options individually or combine them. When combining options, their order does not affect the result.
```
